Fix malformed messages sample (#4209)
Particular/docs.particular.net: samples/servicecontrol/fix-messages/sample.md

 3. Switch to ServicePulse. It should show one failed message. Hit the retry button and wait until the message is retried.
 4. Observe error log output in the Receiver console window. The endpoint still can't process the message.
 5. Switch to ServicePulse again. Go to `Configuration` tab and select `Retry redirects`.
 6. Create a redirect from `FixMalformedMessages.Receiver` to `FixMalformedMessages.MessageRepairingEndpoint`.
 7. Go back to `Failed Messages` tab, select the failed message and hit the retry button again.
 8. Switch to the MessageRepairingEndpoint console window and observe the log entries saying the message has been repaired and forwarded.
 9. Switch to the Receiver console window and observer the successful processing notification.

## Code walk-through 

### Receiver

Retries are disabled in the sample for simplicity; messages are immediately moved to the error queue after a processing failure:

snippet: DisableRetries

This endpoint processes messages of type `SimpleMessage` and expects the `Id` field to not contain any lowercase characters. Messages with lowercase characters are rejected (and sent to the error queue).

snippet: ReceiverHandler

### Sender

> Due to a bug this endpoint sends malformed messages of type `SimpleMessage`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sends messages of `SimpleMessage` type and emulates a bug by sending malformed `Id` field values.
```

Reviewer: Starting with "Due to a bug" sounds weird. Slightly rephrased it.
